{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 **URGENT: FLASH FLOOD WARNING issued by the Wilmington National Weather Service Office** **This is an Emergency Alert System activation** To all residents of Manteo, North Carolina and surrounding areas, this message is for YOU. You are currently at grave risk due to rising water levels of impending FLASH FLOODS. **EXTREME RAINFALL:** Up to 26 inches of rain have already fallen throughout Hurricane Florence's landfall, and we're expecting ANOTHER 3 to 6 inches to drench the city. Rainfall is occurring at approximately 1 to 2 inches an hour. **TIME:** It's now 1:24 PM on Sunday, September 16th, 2018. **DANGER:** This rapid accumulation of rain is resulting in DANGEROUS FLOODWATERS. This is an extremely perilous situation. Fleeing water can reach high levels rapidly and pose an immediate risk to your life and property. **LOCATION:** This warning includes areas in and near Wilmington, North Carolina, and major cities and landmarks at risk from this storm. **EXPIRY:** Please note, this FLASH FLOOD WARNING will expire later today at 9:30 PM. **URGENT ACTIONS NEEDED:** 1. If you can safely move to higher ground, DO SO IMMEDIATELY. 2. DO NOT attempt to drive or walk through FLOODED AREAS. 3. STAY AWAY from streams, rivers, and other areas prone to flooding. 4. STAY INFORMED about the latest weather updates. Remember, your safety is IMPORTANT. Act NOW to protect yourself and your loved ones. Stay Safe, Manteo!}