{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99941;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 URGENT: RED FLAG WILDFIRE WARNING issued by the North Carolina Forest Service and the National Weather Service
\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec3  
\f0\b \cf2 \strokec3 This is an Emergency Alert System activation
\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec3  To all residents of Manteo, North Carolina and surrounding Dare County areas, this message is for YOU. You are currently at grave risk due to a fast-moving WILDFIRE bearing down on your community. 
\f0\b \cf2 \strokec3 EXTREME FIRE BEHAVIOR:
\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec3  The Outer Banks Fire has already consumed over 18,000 acres and is spreading at a rate of approximately 80 football fields per minute. Winds are gusting up to 50 mph, carrying embers more than a mile ahead of the main fire front. 
\f0\b \cf2 \strokec3 TIME:
\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec3  It's now 8:15 AM on Thursday, November 8th, 2018. 
\f0\b \cf2 \strokec3 DANGER:
\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec3  This rapid fire spread is producing LIFE-THREATENING CONDITIONS. This is an extremely perilous situation. Flames, smoke, and falling embers can overtake neighborhoods within minutes and pose an immediate risk to your life and property. 
\f0\b \cf2 \strokec3 LOCATION:
\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec3  This warning includes Manteo, Nags Head, Wanchese, and all communities along US-64 and NC-12 on Roanoke Island and the northern Outer Banks. 
\f0\b \cf2 \strokec3 EXPIRY:
\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec3  Please note, this RED FLAG WARNING will remain in effect until further notice. 
\f0\b \cf2 \strokec3 URGENT ACTIONS NEEDED:
\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec3  1. EVACUATE IMMEDIATELY using designated evacuation routes. 2. DO NOT attempt to gather belongings \'97 LEAVE NOW. 3. CLOSE all windows and doors as you exit, and wear long sleeves and a mask if possible. 4. STAY INFORMED via local radio, NC Forest Service alerts, and county emergency channels. Remember, your safety is IMPORTANT. Act NOW to protect yourself and your loved ones. Stay Safe, Manteo!}