{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 URGENT: FALLING SKY WARNING issued by the Global Celestial Monitoring Agency
\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec3  
\f0\b \cf2 \strokec3 This is an Emergency Alert System activation
\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec3  To all residents of Earth, this message is for YOU. You are currently at grave risk due to the impending and unprecedented COLLAPSE OF THE SKY. 
\f0\b \cf2 \strokec3 EXTREME CELESTIAL ACTIVITY:
\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec3  Large fragments of the firmament have already begun descending, with pieces measuring up to 200 feet in diameter reported in multiple regions. Additional debris is expected to fall at a rate of 10 to 15 fragments per hour over the coming day. 
\f0\b \cf2 \strokec3 TIME:
\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec3  It's now 3:47 PM on Tuesday, April 1st, 2026. 
\f0\b \cf2 \strokec3 DANGER:
\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec3  This rapid descent of sky material is resulting in CATASTROPHIC IMPACT ZONES. This is an extremely perilous situation. Falling sky fragments can strike without warning and pose an immediate risk to your life and property. 
\f0\b \cf2 \strokec3 LOCATION:
\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec3  This warning includes all open-air areas worldwide, with particular concern for exposed fields, plazas, and regions historically favored by overly anxious poultry. 
\f0\b \cf2 \strokec3 EXPIRY:
\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec3  Please note, this FALLING SKY WARNING will remain in effect until the heavens are deemed structurally sound. 
\f0\b \cf2 \strokec3 URGENT ACTIONS NEEDED:
\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec3  1. SEEK STURDY SHELTER IMMEDIATELY \'97 basements and reinforced structures are best. 2. DO NOT look up for extended periods or attempt to catch falling fragments. 3. STAY AWAY from open areas, glass ceilings, and Henny Penny's travel group. 4. STAY INFORMED through official celestial monitoring channels. Remember, your safety is IMPORTANT. Act NOW to protect yourself and your loved ones. Stay Safe, Earth!}